README.rst, before:

==========================
icemac.install.addressbook
==========================

Scripts to ease the installation and update an existing installation of
`icemac.addressbook`_  to a new version of the package.

.. _`icemac.addressbook` : https://pypi.org/project/icemac.addressbook/

.. contents::

Copyright
=========

Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Howitz

All Rights Reserved.

This software is subject to the provisions of the Zope Public License,
Version 2.1 (ZPL).  A copy of the ZPL should accompany this distribution.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Prerequisites
=============

The following software needs to be installed to use the scripts provided by
this package:

* ``tar`` with bzip2 support

Installation of the update scripts
==================================

Install the package `icemac.install.addressbook` using pip::

    $ pip install icemac.install.addressbook

This creates two scripts in the `bin` directory:

    * ``install-addressbook``
    * ``archive-addressbook``

Usage
=====

install-addressbook
-------------------

Start the script using::

    $ install-addressbook 4.2

Where ``4.2`` is the number of the version you want to install resp. you want
to update to.


The script executes the following steps:

1. Download the source distribution of `icemac.addressbook` to a temporary
   directory.
2. Extract the source distribution to the current working directory.
3. Run the install script. If there is a symlink named ``current`` pointing to
   a previous `icemac.addressbook` installation it uses its
   configuration as default answers for the questions in the installation
   process.
4. Create a new symlink named ``current`` pointing to the new installation.


archive-addressbook
-------------------

After installing a new version of the address book you could archive the
previous one using this script.

Start the script using::

    $ archive-addressbook 4.1

Where ``4.1`` is the version number of the installation you want to archive.

The script executes the following steps:

1. Create a bzipped tar archive (.tar.bz2) of the requested
   `icemac.addressbook` installation (as installed by install-addressbook_) in
   a directory named ``archive``. (The ``archive`` directory is created if it
   not yet exists.)
2. Delete the requested `icemac.addressbook` installation.

Commit message:

By default install the newest version.

README.rst, after:

==========================
icemac.install.addressbook
==========================

Scripts to ease the installation and update an existing installation of
`icemac.addressbook`_  to a new version of the package.

.. _`icemac.addressbook` : https://pypi.org/project/icemac.addressbook/

.. contents::

Copyright
=========

Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Howitz

All Rights Reserved.

This software is subject to the provisions of the Zope Public License,
Version 2.1 (ZPL).  A copy of the ZPL should accompany this distribution.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Prerequisites
=============

The following software needs to be installed to use the scripts provided by
this package:

* ``tar`` with bzip2 support

Installation of the update scripts
==================================

Install the package `icemac.install.addressbook` using pip::

    $ pip install icemac.install.addressbook

This creates two scripts in the `bin` directory:

    * ``install-addressbook``
    * ``archive-addressbook``

Usage
=====

install-addressbook
-------------------

Start the script using::

    $ bin/install-addressbook [VERSION_NUMBER]

Where ``VERSION_NUMBER`` is the number of the version you want to install resp.
you want to update to. If you leave it out the newest version is used.


The script executes the following steps:

1. Download the source distribution of `icemac.addressbook` to a temporary
   directory.
2. Extract the source distribution to the current working directory.
3. Run the install script. If there is a symlink named ``current`` pointing to
   a previous `icemac.addressbook` installation it uses its
   configuration as default answers for the questions in the installation
   process.
4. Create a new symlink named ``current`` pointing to the new installation.


archive-addressbook
-------------------

After installing a new version of the address book you could archive the
previous one using this script.

Start the script using::

    $ archive-addressbook 4.1

Where ``4.1`` is the version number of the installation you want to archive.

The script executes the following steps:

1. Create a bzipped tar archive (.tar.bz2) of the requested
   `icemac.addressbook` installation (as installed by install-addressbook_) in
   a directory named ``archive``. (The ``archive`` directory is created if it
   not yet exists.)
2. Delete the requested `icemac.addressbook` installation.
